simple readme (#40)
FredTheDino/sylt-lang: README.md

# Sylt-lang
-----------

> Sylt is a statically-checked dynamically typed, reference counted programming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sylt is a statically checked and dynamically typed reference counted programming
```

> language made for GameJams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language made for game jams.
```

Reviewer: LiU Game Jam is a title, but a game jam is just a normal thing:tm:.

> ## Why does this exist? Why not use X-lang?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why does this exist? Why use this instead of language X?
```

Pfft! Why not?
    

## Getting started
Sylt is written entirely in Rust. Pointing to this Git-repo 

> in your Cargo.toml is the easiet way. Alternatively you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your Cargo.toml is the easiest way. Alternatively you can
```

> build the interpreter and run your own programs from there.

Reviewer: Maybe some instructions on how to build? Even if it isn't more than "1. git clone 2. cargo build". Also, right now this paragraph contains two ideas.

> ## Endgame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Long-term goals
```

Author: Don't agree, we'll have to discuss this.
